things to do:
--------------------
marketing
    promote availability
        invite all forecast center pages to like my FB page
        get the integrated avalanche centers to share with their communities
            NWAC: asked Libby, she is talking to Benj; reposted Bruce's blog post
            SAC: communicated
            UAC: Bruce did a blog post; listed on website
            CAIC: reposted Bruce's blog post
            BTAC: Carol talking to Bob about where/how to put on website
            GNFAC: posted on their facebook page
            VIAC: communicated; listed on website
            CAC: asked about reposting Bruce's blog post, no response
            PC: Grant said they will repost Bruce's blog post
        send to ski areas
        send to avalanche class instructors
        send to professional avalanche organizations
            http://www.fsavalanche.org/
            http://www.americanavalancheassociation.org/publications.php
            http://www.americanavalancheinstitute.com/aai2/resources.php
            avalanche.org
            etc.
        send to ski/snowboard/backcountry mags/sites: 
            Powder Magazine (http://www.powdermag.com/) -- send email to John Stifter, editor, 2012-12-20
            http://www.backcountrymagazine.com/
            http://coastmountainculture.com/
            www.wildsnow.com
            www.backcountryskiingcanada.com
            www.straightchuter.com
            www.notesfromtheneve.com
            www.biglines.com
            http://wasatchbackcountryskiing.com/
            http://www.sleddermag.com/
            www.alpinist.com
            http://www.skiwashington.com/   https://www.facebook.com/pages/Ski-Washington/282794856579  [FB page]
            www.snowmobilers.org
            Outside Magazine
            http://www.wta.org/
            http://americanalpineclub.org/
            http://www.rockandice.com/
            http://www.climbing.com/
            etc.
        other folks to send to
            http://www.alaskasnow.org/ (once i've integrated Alaska sites)
    app store pages
        add screenshots showing US Rockies integrations
    sebnarware.com website
        fix bottom bar on top of content on narrow screen for partners page (set margin-bottom on container-fluid)
        get inbound links
        SEO (on-page)
        add a FAQ page?
        add nav bar?
    FB page
        deliver content
    use rivaliq ;-)
    review Uli's marketing guide for other steps to take
WS
    existing avi center integrations -- improvements
        GNFAC -- broken as of Jan 1 (rejecting user agent; stale CAAML)
        ESAC -- validate and improve; finish integration (RSS? longer valid forecasts?); tell the world
        UAC -- would like to incorporate tomorrow forecast info too; need to get it from them on a single page per region
        CAIC -- problem caching their web pages on android due to cache-control:no-store; working with CAIC to address (for now, proxying their webpages)
    in-flight integrations
        Sun Valley Sawtooth (SNFAC) http://www.sawtoothavalanche.com/ (4 regions)
        WhistlerBlackcomb -- http://www.whistlerblackcomb.com/the-mountain/backcountry/avalanche-advisory.aspx; NOTE this region is a subset of sea-to-sky, make sure polygons work in both clients
    support additional avi centers
        Mount Shasta, CA -- want to integrate, but tech guy is swamped (as of 2012-10-15); circle back in a while
        McCall, ID *
        Panhandle, ID
        Glacier, MT *
        Missoula, MT *
        Chugach, AK * (CNFAIC) / Turnagain -- got a message from a person there (2012-Feb), he wants to get integrated
        Valdez, AK *
        Juneau, AK *
        Cordova, AK
        Haines, AK
        Hatcher Pass, AK
        Joseph, OR
        Flagstaff, AZ
        Mount Washington, NH
        CAC Yukon -- emailed CAC for region definition (http://avalanche.ca/kmz/bulletinregions.kmz has what they have; Yukon not in there yet as of 2012-10-23, but they may add it)
        Haute Gaspesie -- emailed CAC for region definition; http://www.centreavalanche.qc.ca/bulletins/bulletin_en.php
        Crested Butte, CO (CBAC): http://www.cbavalanchecenter.org/ -- NOTE this is within the CAIC Gunnison zone; based on email with CAIC, skip it for now
    internal
        set up real (remote) git
        fix use of config.js
        use HTML parsing library (cheerio) as opposed by regexs
        update to current semantics (0.2.x not 0.1.x) with xml2js
        create server-oriented regions config file (for dataURL, parser, validation exceptions, etc.), to pull cases out of code
        deal with timezones in a rigorous way
        auto-validation: check and refine results
        capture all generated forecasts (for example, in S3)?
        further auto-validation of each generated forecast
            validate by time of day (e.g. forecast should be issued by 8am or whatever)
            have classes of validation (issued daily vs. irregularly, issued day before vs. morning of, etc.)
            on error, capture all inputs, and alert me
            also snapshot user URL vs. data URL vs. my forecast always, for later review
            add automatic, ongoing checks of HTML vs. API results for all api-based sites?
Android
    v1.2
        bugs and cleanup
            lifecycle management
                on rotation, don't reload anything
                clean up what happens at what phase of lifecycle
            remember last map position and zoom, and return to that on restart, instead of recentering? and add button to center/zoom map
            redo location services stuff to turn off gps after we have a first fix
            swap top and bottom bars
            check/increase the usage time before appirater prompt?
            update the usage text, from iOS version
            bug to look at:
                ANR keyDispatchingTimedOut : com.sebnarware.avalanche/.DangerScaleActivity
            offline caching not working in all cases? (tests out fine on my phone and Adam's phone...)
        further map performance tuning
            investigate keeping path, and transforming via matrix to pan or scale
            split up path calc per OSM approach
                http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6630868/android-map-drawing-performance-1k-drawings
                http://code.google.com/p/osmdroid/source/browse/trunk/osmdroid-android/src/org/osmdroid/views/MapView.java?r=790
            simplify polygons (point thinning when zoomed out)
            consider creating my own overlay manager class, to unify top-level logic
        new features
            [see iOS list]
        low pri issues
            danger scale view should zoom to fill screen by default (based on orientation)
            title bar shows up in different colors on different android versions
            fix info icon within menu to use explicit resource, vs. system resource that looks different on each platform
                (tried it, but getting dark icon on dark background; so either leave it, or change one the icon color, or the background color)
            blue dot doesn't always show (even though map does position correctly) on Gingerbread; ok on ICS/JB
                test again with my revised FixedMyLocationOverlay, that always does the drawing
            in case of first time app use with no network, app must be shut down to try again once there is network
        for all external builds
            set version string appropriately
            be sure to build with production map key
            do signed export flow
iOS
    flurry analytics numbers seem whacked... wtf? emailing with them
    v1.4
        release notes
            more prominent loading spinner for when loading regions/forecasts
        usability
            remember last map position and zoom, and return to that on restart, instead of recentering? and add button to center/zoom map
            map zoom level is different on iPhone 5 device ... Apple responded and explained why, try tweaking settings to make it more consistent
            set a max zoom level
        other
            CAIC urls should be https at the top level, but this breaks iOS offline caching -- figure out why and fix
                test another https site and see if it is an https problem, or some more specific issue with CAIC
        info section
            change info button to bring up a table of topics (master/detail), not a pop-up
            add link to partners web page
            add info on human factors and decision making, using your brain -- find good reference
        sharing
            make it easy to share (virally) via facebook, twitter
            make it easy to start following Avalanche Forecasts on facebook
        flurry
            update sdk
            add tracking for setting timeframe mode; for no location available
            review set of events overall
    v2
        status bar (or pop-ups of some sort?)
            add status bar with current operation (loading regions, reloading forecasts, forecast last updated xxx ago, read from offline cache, etc.)?
                need to think through how to handle multiple messages, no messages, etc.
            add alert/feedback if there are no avalanche forecast regions near your current position
            add forecasts last fetched time (need to pull from cache or persist, for offline case) (System Font size 13; label height 18)?
        offline mode improvements
            say when cached data is being used
            offline: give message if detailed view unavailable for a region
            really stale detailed forecast content can stay in persistent cache... 
                address by not showing content if forecasts for that region is already out of date?
                flag the detailed forecast page if the forecast is a day or more out of date? (from discussion from Bruce T)
            say when data was cached, for every page?
    v3
        add system message capability, to send dynamic messages to users (e.g. problem with forecast center X; forecast center Y added; etc.)
        more data at-a-glance
            show the danger stack (elevation view) as an icon or popup on the map too within each region?
            click on a region to bring up "selected details" intermediate level of display, driven by the Today/Tomorrow/2DaysOut buttons?
            label regions with their names? give them a danger level icon?
        cache regions.json persistently in app, for performance? (as file is large, and growing) -- probably not needed after digit compression
            do a lightweight validity check to see if file update is necessary (still important to keep dynamic region file updates, e.g. if URL changes)
            note that every time i push to heroku, the file timestamp is updated, so ETag or hash might be better than if-modified-since
            see for ideas: http://iphoneincubator.com/blog/server-communication/how-to-download-a-file-only-if-it-has-been-updated
            store where it cannot be erased by iOS (separate from other cache)
            could implement as a customer NSURLProtocolHandler, in front of the other one
            load new file before proceeding
            make sure i handle both the offline and online cases
            preload cache at app install
            get rid of special no regions.json alert path, if no longer needed
            OR... use a software update style model instead? (never block user waiting for download...
                although investigate what happens to network ops if the app loses focus
            reload regions.json periodically in app (for case where people don't restart the app/phone regularly)
        make iPad experience better (user request)
        full height launch screen for iPhone5 (no black bars)
        feature to put in a place name, and have the map jump there; and/or have a "favorite place" you can register?
        add a "help your avalanche center" feature to take you to donation pages?
        add more avi reference info?
        add weather info?
        add telemetry info?
        show previous days, for history? allow selecting further into the future?
        add push notifications?
        get app rotation working in all views (or at least danger scale definition view)?


postgis shape simplification
--------------------

check number of points output:
SELECT ST_NPoints(ST_SimplifyPreserveTopology(ST_GeomFromKML('
KML_fragment_here
		'), 0.01));
		
get KML:
SELECT ST_AsKML(ST_SimplifyPreserveTopology(ST_GeomFromKML('
KML_fragment_here
		'), 0.01));


avalanche forecast center intro/integration blurb:
--------------------
[Avalanche Forecasts mobile app integration]

Hello,

I recently developed a free avalanche forecasts mobile app, and I'd like to get your forecast center integrated.

The app, which is available for both iPhone and Android, displays avalanche conditions "at-a-glance", across multiple forecasting centers. My goal is to make avalanche forecasts more readily accessible to folks heading out into the backcountry. Bottom-line danger levels are shown color-coded for each forecast region on a map (following the standard North American danger scale), based on the selected timeframe (Today/Tomorrow/2 Days Out). Clicking on any region brings up the detailed avalanche forecast from the source forecasting center. All content is cached for offline use, so you can refer back to the information you've seen even if you lose coverage in the mountains.

I currently have it integrated with the NWAC, CAIC, UAC, BTAC, GNFAC, SAC, CAC, VIAC, and Parks Canada forecasting centers. I'd like to eventually include all the avalanche forecasting centers across North America.

You can view screenshots, etc. and download the app here: http://avalancheforecasts.com/

In order to integrate technically, there are two elements i'll need. Usually this is a very small amount of work for you. 
1) forecast region definitions: do you happen to have a KMZ file (or any similar geographic data file) that describes the borders of each of your forecast regions in terms of latitude/longitude coordinate paths? If not, i can work with you to create this.
2) forecast data: do you have a CAAML feed or other data API that i can use to pull forecast information? Alternatively I can extract the forecast information by parsing your web pages, but a structured data feed is the much more robust approach.
Would you please connect me with your technical point of contact? 

Thanks for your help!

Seth
206-553-9420

ps: A word on my motivations: i'm doing this project as a pro bono service to the outdoors community, because i feel getting the avalanche forecast information out there broadly, consistently, and in an easy-to-consume fashion is so important. Plus its a fun project!



get the word out blurb:
--------------------
[Avalanche Forecasts mobile app]

I recently developed a free avalanche forecasts mobile app, and I'd like to spread the word more broadly about this app within the community. If you can help by XXX, that would be great.

The app, which is available for both iPhone and Android, displays avalanche conditions "at-a-glance", across multiple forecasting centers. My goal is to make avalanche forecasts more readily accessible to folks heading out into the backcountry. Bottom-line danger levels are shown color-coded for each forecast region on a map (following the standard North American danger scale), based on the selected timeframe (Today/Tomorrow/2 Days Out). Clicking on any region brings up the detailed avalanche forecast from the source forecasting center. All content is cached for offline use, so you can refer back to the information you've seen even if you lose coverage in the mountains.

I currently have integrated with the NWAC (Northwest US), CAIC (Colorado), UAC (Utah), BTAC (Jackson Hole), GNFAC (Bozeman), SAC (central Sierras), CAC (Canada), VIAC (Vancouver Island), and Parks Canada forecasting centers (over 60 forecast regions total). My goals over time are to eventually include all the avalanche forecasting centers across North America.

You can view screenshots, etc. and download the app here: http://avalancheforecasts.com/

Thanks for your help!

Seth
206-553-9420

ps: A word on my motivations: i'm doing this project as a pro bono service to the outdoors community, because i feel getting the avalanche forecast information out there broadly, consistently, and in an easy-to-consume fashion is so important. Plus its a fun project!














