general feature roadmap
    v2
        support your avi center (via link to center website, not direct)
        upload field observations (photo, geotagged, some dropdown fields, etc)
    v3
        sharing: make it easy to share the app (and perhaps current conditions, or observations you just made) via facebook, twitter
        push notifications of avalanche warnings/watches, etc.
        add system message capability, to send dynamic messages to users (e.g. problem with forecast center X; forecast center Y added; etc.)
web service
    new integrations
        PAC -- add forecast parsing
    existing integrations: major issues
        move to new NWAC API
    existing integrations: minor issues / enhancements
        CAIC/IPAC -- problem caching their web pages on android due to cache-control:no-store; working with them to address (for now, proxying their webpages)
        CAIC -- to work around cache-control:no-store on not only the forecast pages but also the iframe within that has most of
            the details, we link directly to the iframe piece and proxy that; it works, but we lose the window dressing around it
        UAC -- would like to incorporate tomorrow forecast info too -- need to get it from them on a single page per region
        CAIC -- would like to incorporate tomorrow forecast info too -- need to get it included in the CAAML
        CAIC -- would like to see the region overlap with CBAC resolved
    v2
        overall v2 features (from above)
    v3
        create server-oriented regions config structure (for dataURL, parser, validation exceptions, etc.), to pull cases out of code
        update to current semantics (not old 0.1.x ones) with xml2js
        use HTML parsing library (cheerio) as opposed to regexs for parsing HTML pages
        deal with timezones in a rigorous way (forecasts expiring at a given time, etc.)
        capture all generated forecasts (for example, in S3), to help debug any issues
        further auto-validation of each generated forecast
            check and refine all current results
            add notion of class that is map only, no forecast parsing
            validate by time of day (e.g. forecast should be issued by 8am or whatever)
            have classes of validation (issued daily vs. irregularly, issued day before vs. morning of, etc.)
            on error, capture all inputs, and alert me
            also snapshot user URL vs. data URL vs. my forecast always, for later review
            add automatic, ongoing checks of HTML vs. API results for all api-based sites?
Android app
    v2
        overall v2 features (from above)
        map usability
            remember last map position and zoom, and return to that on restart, instead of recentering? and add button to center/zoom map
            set a max zoom level
        bugs and cleanup
            externalize keys for things like flurry from codebase
            change to grey, instead of white, for the "no rating" color
            lifecycle management
                on rotation, don't reload anything
                clean up what happens at what phase of lifecycle
            redo location services stuff to turn off gps after we have a first fix
            swap top and bottom bars to be consistent with iOS app
            update the usage text, from iOS version
            update all external libs
        for external builds, before releasing, REMEMBER...
            set version string appropriately
            be sure to build with production map key
            do signed export flow
    v3
        further map performance tuning
            investigate keeping path, and transforming via matrix to pan or scale
            split up path calc per OSM approach
                http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6630868/android-map-drawing-performance-1k-drawings
                http://code.google.com/p/osmdroid/source/browse/trunk/osmdroid-android/src/org/osmdroid/views/MapView.java?r=790
            simplify polygons (point thinning when zoomed out)
            consider creating my own overlay manager class, to unify top-level logic
        low pri issues
            danger scale view should zoom to fill screen by default (based on orientation)
            title bar shows up in different colors on different android versions
            fix info icon within menu to use explicit resource, vs. system resource that looks different on each platform
                (tried it, but getting dark icon on dark background; so either leave it, or change one the icon color, or the background color)
            blue dot doesn't always show (even though map does position correctly) on Gingerbread; ok on ICS/JB
                test again with my revised FixedMyLocationOverlay, that always does the drawing
            in case of first time app use with no network, app must be shut down to try again once there is network        
iOS app
    v2
        overall v2 features (from above)
        map usability
            remember last map position and zoom, and return to that on restart, instead of recentering? and add button to center/zoom map
            map zoom level is different on iPhone 5 device ... Apple responded and explained why, try tweaking settings to make it more consistent
            set a max zoom level
        bugs and cleanup
            AFNetworking: move to 2.x from 1.x, but that has some breaking changes that require review
            externalize keys for things like flurry from codebase
            change to grey, instead of white, for the "no rating" color
            add loading spinner for detailed forecasts too
            CAIC urls should be https at the top level, but RNCache only supports HTTP, investigate if its easy/hard to add HTTPS support too
            protect against null values for aviLevel in a forecast (even though this should never happen)
            change info button to bring up a table of topics (master/detail), not a pop-up
            get app rotation working in all views (or at least danger scale definition view)
            improve "fit" on iPhone5, 6, 6+: no black bars at the top, etc. 
            make iPad experience better
    v3
        status bar (or pop-ups of some sort?)
            add status bar with current operation (loading regions, reloading forecasts, forecast last updated xxx ago, read from offline cache, etc.)?
                need to think through how to handle multiple messages, no messages, etc.
            add alert/feedback if there are no avalanche forecast regions near your current position
            add forecasts last fetched time (need to pull from cache or persist, for offline case) (System Font size 13; label height 18)?
        offline mode improvements
            say when cached data is being used
            offline: give message if detailed view unavailable for a region
            really stale detailed forecast content can stay in persistent cache... 
                address by not showing content if forecasts for that region is already out of date?
                flag the detailed forecast page if the forecast is a day or more out of date? (from discussion from Bruce T)
            say when data was cached, for every page?
        more data at-a-glance
            show the danger stack (elevation view) as an icon or popup on the map too within each region?
            click on a region to bring up "selected details" intermediate level of display, driven by the Today/Tomorrow/2DaysOut buttons?
            label regions with their names? give them a danger level icon?
        reload regions.json periodically in app (for case where people don't restart the app/phone regularly)
website
    rebrand of Avalanche Canada
other
    check in with all centers for start of 2014-2015 season
    pull stats on usage by geography (i.e. center)
